# Software_Engineering_project

The project is about analyzing a network diagram by taking input as activity names with multiple character allowance, duration and predecessors and generating an output of all possible paths in the descending order of duration including the option for the user to see view the critical paths. The project includes a GUI which is very user-friendly, intuitive and is used to communicate with the user. The GUI interface takes the activity names, duration of the activity and predecessors as input, a backend engine to process the information to output all the possible paths and handles specific errors such as handling connected graphs and cyclic graphs. The GUI further includes an option to change the duration after processing the input, to create report with the input and output information along with timestamp, to restart the application and to quit the application. Our team has accomplished all the requirements mentioned by the customer till date. We made adequate progress on this project from assessment and planning to actual development within the time frame assigned.

This project is based on Java technology; hence various Java-based libraries are analyzed to achieve the requirements. Java Swing is used for the front-end development because of the platform-independent services and lightweight components that it provides. It is built on the top of AWT (Abstract Windowing Toolkit) API and entirely written in Java. The development environment for the project is in NetBeans IDE as the framework simplifies Java Swing desktop application development and the connection to the backend engine.
